welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to
once again explore some diabolical
experimentation in a castle with
nightmare castle remember back when i
said to subscribe for more information
about conning your way into an
inheritance
i wasn't joking let's get to it
we open on stephen a mad doctor
experimenting with his frogs
as his wife muriel chugs her brandy and
pushes his buttons
she states her sexual intentions which
he takes solely as a declaration
using it to keep him warm as he boards a
coach into town dissatisfied muriel
plays her special song
signaling her intent to david before
heading to the boudoir to strip down
oh my word and soon they find themselves
laying among the wild grasses in the
greenhouse
stephen circles back catching them in
the act and behaves in a perfectly
reasonable manner we learn
muriel is the wealthy one and she's
recently updated the will to exclude him
but no matter
because he and the housekeeper solange
have a plan in service of that plan he
drips some acid on muriel and then zaps
them both into oblivion before long he
shows up at the house with jenny
muriel's crazy sister and
heir to the estate he's married to her
now so he can have her declared insane
and take custody of the estate
a simple solution to their problem jenny
wakes up that night in their marital bed
hearing noises and wanders around to
find it emanating from a bleeding flower
because she is of course in a nightmare
castle she soon finds herself
re-enacting the events of her sister's
death but it's all jumbled up and her
attacker is faceless
despite getting choked out the two
schemers are excited about the quick
progress they're making and invite
jenny's doctor out for an assessment he
tries to get her to remember some
details by taking her to the greenhouse
they find some actual physical evidence
corroborating the vision
but with some stealthy hand play solange
sneaks the other half of the pair into
jenny's jewelry box giving the
impression it was her misplaced earring
throwing dr joyce for a loop and further
immisrating jenny as they discuss
next steps solange pops a leak as steven
tends to her in his lab dr joyce goes to
muriel's tomb
and it opens for him revealing it to be
empty jenny then has an episode where
she acts as muriel and slices up
steven's face
derek has a conversation with her like
this and officially diagnoses her with
supernatural possession
knowing the doctor visited the tomb and
thinking the jig is up steven wires up
his bathtub
unfortunately the butler drops the soap
and steven pulls the lever too fast
although he does manage to quickly pass
this off as an unexpected heart attack
diverting any suspicion so derek
prepares to leave as jenny prepares to
go on a trip with stephen which he
thinks will do her good however
solange kept young by muriel's blood
finds the rancid fluid going cold in her
veins
and she needs a fresh supply this
confuses
us about whether the movie's theme is
stealing money or insane experimental
treatments
both things we've touched on many times
this month when jenny comes in to
discuss the itinerary for their trip
she immediately recognizes the dark
intentions choreographed in steven's
eyes
and finds herself strapped to his table
but derek returns releasing muriel's
heart only to be candlesticked by
stephen which prevents him from having
to witness the horrible events to follow
as muriel confronts steven and leads him
off to show him the pleasure of
tormented flesh by trapping him in a
chair and setting him on fire
pleasurable meanwhile zombie david takes
care of solange downstairs
then derrick wakes back up and destroys
the heart sending the pair back to hell
and freeing up jenny's schedule so they
can date now
and then he and jenny escape forever
geez if i had a dollar for every time
that happened nightmare castle is the
first film in a while that has a true
b-movie feel rather than just being bad
or kinda good with the dubbed audio and
nonsensical plot that they don't bother
to expand on at all it makes for a very
fun experience
if you're looking for something goofy if
you enjoyed the video i'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching